NC-4241: [turnstile] Add more info about interactivity-timeout (#13275)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/turnstile/reference/client-side-errors.md

The interval in between retries of Turnstile can be configured by the `retry-interval` option. 

## Interactivity

> In situations where an interactive challenge is posed to the user, if the user fails to engage with the challenge (i.e., does not solve it) within a reasonable timeframe, the timeout callback function is triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user fails to engage with an interactive challenge within a reasonable timeframe, the timeout callback function is triggered.
```

> For instance, consider the scenario where the Turnstile widget is implemented within a lengthy form, which may require several minutes to complete. If the interactive challenge within the widget remains unaddressed for an extended period, it becomes outdated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, in a scenario where the Turnstile widget is implemented within a lengthy form that may require several minutes to complete, the interactive challenge within the widget becomes outdated if it remains unaddressed for an extended period.
```

| `110430` | This error occurs when an unsupported or incorrectly formatted action is submitted. The "Invalid CDATA" error in Turnstile refers to an issue encountered when processing Custom Data (CDATA). This error occurs when the CDATA provided does not adhere to the expected format or contains invalid characters. | No | Ensure that the CDATA conforms to the specified structure and contains only valid characters and adheres to the documented length limitations. | 
| `110500` | The visitor is using an unsupported browser. | No | Encourage the visitor to upgrade their browser or verify otherwise. |
| `110510` | The visitor provided an inconsistent user-agent throughout the process of solving Turnstile. | No | The visitor may have browser extensions or settings enabled to spoof their user agent and should disable them to proceed. |

> | `11060*` | The visitor took too long to solve the challenge and the challenge timed out. | Yes | Retry the challenge. The visitor additionally may have a system clock set to a wrong date. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `11060*` | The visitor took too long to solve the challenge and the challenge timed out. | Yes | Retry the challenge. The visitor also may have a system clock set to a wrong date. |
```

> | `11062*` | Visible Mode only: The visitor took too long to solve the interactive challenge and as a result the challenge became outdated. | Yes | The visitor did not solve the challenge in time. In case of a interactive challenge, the visitor may not have solved it within reasonable time limits. Reset the widget and re-initialize to give the visitor the chance to solve the widget again. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `11062*` | Visible Mode only: The visitor took too long to solve the interactive challenge and the challenge became outdated. | Yes | Reset the widget and re-initialize it to give the visitor the chance to solve the widget again. |
```
